[SPARK-50426][PYTHON] Avoid static Python data source lookup when using builtin or Java data sources (#48971)
apache/spark: python/docs/source/user_guide/sql/python_data_source.rst

    df = spark.read.format("arrowbatch").load()

    df.show()

Usage Notes
-----------

> - During Data Source resolution, built-in and Scala/Java Data Sources take precedence over Python Data Sources with the same name; to explicitly use a Python Data Source, make sure its name does not conflict with the other Data Sources.

Reviewer: BTW, I think we should deal with the case when there are multiple Python Data Sources having the same names

> - During data source resolution, built-in and Java data sources take precedence over Python data sources with the same name; to explicitly use a Python data source, make sure its name does not conflict with any other loaded Java data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- During Data Source resolution, built-in and Scala/Java Data Sources take precedence over Python Data Sources with the same name; to explicitly use a Python Data Source, make sure its name does not conflict with the other Data Sources.
```
